Add board ssci_isp1807_micro_board (#899)
adafruit/circuitpython-org: _board/ssci_isp1807_micro_board.md

---
layout: download
board_id: "ssci_isp1807_micro_board"
title: "SSCI ISP1807 Micro Board Download"
name: "SSCI ISP1807 Micro Board"
manufacturer: "Switch Science, Inc"
board_url: "https://ssci.to/6939"
board_image: "ssci_isp1807_micro_board.jpg"
date_added: 2022-3-16
family: nrf52840
features:
  - Bluetooth/BTLE
  - USB-C
  - Breadboard-Friendly
---

> This is a development board includes a Bluetooth Low Energy-enabled ISP1807 from Insight SiP (based on the nRF52840).This board has a 3.3V regulator, reset SW, general purpose LED, and USB Type-C connector.This board is pin compatible with Pro Micro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This development board includes a Bluetooth Low Energy-enabled ISP1807 from Insight SiP (based on the nRF52840). This board has a 3.3 V regulator, a reset switch, a general purpose LED, and USB-C connector.

This board is pin compatible with the Arduino Pro Micro.

```

Author: thank you.
